8/3/2023
The practical was not easy, but luckily everything went well. It took me about 3 hours to figure out all the principles and finish all the tasks, and I learned a lot.
In this practical, I did my first git project, set up my own GitHub account, and even made my first webpage!

Some difficulties are listed below:
#difficulty 1: Before knowing I could download Git on my computer, I used the ZJE server to access git resource. I must use the school network to log in to the server, and if I connected the VPN, I couldn't log in to the server. But if I want to log in to the web version of GitHub, I must connect VPN. So I can't copy the repository in GitHub to the ZJE server because I couldn't connect VPN and school network at the same time. 

#difficulty 2: The command "git push origin master" should be written as "git push origin main" in some cases.

#difficulty 3: In webpage making part, the instruction was kind of ambiguous. I couldn't find the option "add a Jekyll theme to your site", and neither could my friends. With the help of the internet, I added a line of code in the file _config.yml, which helped me add a theme to my webpage.

#difficulty 4: The "git push origin master" command caused error reporting frequently, sadly I was unable to deal with the error type of "remote: Support for password authentication was removed on August 13，2021." 
 
#else: I downloaded GitHub Desktop, I could move my files to its working directory and upload the files without inputting the command "git push origin master".
9/3/2023
#solution to difficulty4: I finally understood that my git lose connection with GitHub. The difficulty was solved by connecting them together.
#solution to difficulty4: After editing in the GitHub, I must use "pull" command to update the information of git, otherwise the "push" can't be executed. And the "pull" command must be executed in "IBI1_2022-23" directory.
#else: delete the local directory and clone the repository from GitHub can also update the information in git.
